Experiments: Reproduce experiments (#1057)
wandb/docs: content/guides/models/track/reproduce_experiments.md

---
menu:
  default:
    identifier: reproduce_experiments
    parent: track
title: Reproduce experiments
weight: 7
---

> Use W&B to reproduce an experiment that a team member creates. Reproducing a machine learning experiment is a crucial part in verifying and validating the results of that experiment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reproduce an experiment that a team member creates to  to verify and validate their results.
```

> Before you reproduce an experiment, make note of the:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need the name of the project and run you want to reproduce.
```

* Name of the project the run was logged to
* Name of the run you want to reproduce

{{% alert %}}
This section assumes you know the name of the project that contains the run you want to reproduce.

> {{% /alert %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Removed alert.

> Once you have the name of the project and run you want to reproduce, you can reproduce an experiment that a team member created by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reproduce an experiment:
```

1. Navigate to the project where the run is logged to.
2. Select the **Workspace** tab in the left sidebar.
3. From the list of runs, select the run that you want to reproduce.
4. Click **Overview**.

> Depending on how your team member configured their project, you can reproduce an experiment by either checking out their GitHub repository or downloading their code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To continue, download the experiment's code at a given hash or clone the experiment's entire repository.
```

{{< tabpane text=true >}}
{{% tab "Download Python script or notebook" %}}

> Download a Python script or notebook that your teammate used to create the experiment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the experiment's Python script or notebook:
```

1. Note of the Python script or notebook in the **Command** field. This is the script that your teammate used to create the experiment.
2. Select the **Code** tab in the left navigation bar.

> 3. Download the Python script or notebook specified in the **Command** field. Click on the **Download** button next to the name of the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Command** field, make a note of the name of the script that created the experiment.
2. Click **Code** in the left navigation bar.
3. Click **Download** next to the file that corresponds to the script or notebook.
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "GitHub" %}}

{{% alert %}}
Before you continue, ensure you have access to the GitHub repository that your teammate used to create the experiment.
{{% /alert %}}

Clone the GitHub repository your teammate used when creating the experiment. To do this, 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If necessary, gain access to the GitHub repository that your teammate used to create the experiment.
```

> 1. Copy and paste the GitHub repository URL specified in the **Git repository** field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Copy the **Git repository** field, which contains the GitHub repository URL.
3. Clone the repository:
```

> ```bash
> git clone https://github.com/your-repo.git && cd your-repo
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/your-repo.git
    ```

4. Change to the clone's directory:
    ```bash
    cd your-repo
    ```
```

> 2. Copy and paste **Git state** into your terminal. The Git state is a set of Git commands that will check out the exact commit that your teammate used to create the experiment. Replace values specified in the proceeding code snippet with your own:

Reviewer: Is the field actually called Git state? It seems like the only thing you need is the hash?

To make sure your code block is within the numbered step, indent it 4 spaces, to align with the "C" in "Copy".

Author: It is indeed called "Git state"

Author: You also need the name of the run

```bash
git checkout -b "<run-name>" 0123456789012345678901234567890123456789
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabpane >}}

5. Select **Files** in the left navigation bar.
6. Download the `requirements.txt` file and store it in your working directory. This directory should contain either the cloned GitHub repository or the downloaded Python script or notebook.
7. (Recommended) Create a Python virtual environment.
8. Install the requirements specified in the `requirements.txt` file.
    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

> Now that you have the code and dependencies, you can run the script or notebook to reproduce the experiment. If you cloned a repository, you might need to navigate to the directory where the script or notebook is located. Otherwise, you can run the script or notebook from your working directory.

Reviewer: Why not make this a numbered step?

Author: Lol it was a symmetry decision I subconsciously made. (8 vs 9). Updated on next commit.
